# 2025-03 Jokes


###  (ID: 27)
Java is like Alzheimer's, it starts off slow, but eventually, your memory is gone.

###  (ID: 22)
If Bill Gates had a dime for every time Windows crashed ... Oh wait, he does.

###  (ID: 53)
**Q:** Hey baby I wish your name was asynchronous...
**A:** ... so you'd give me a callback.

###  (ID: 231)
**Q:** Why do programmers prefer using the dark mode?
**A:** Because light attracts bugs.

###  (ID: 291)
**Q:** Why was the JavaScript developer sad?
**A:** Because they didn't Node how to Express themself!

###  (ID: 146)
**Q:** How did you make your friend rage?
**A:** I implemented a greek question mark in his JavaScript code.

###  (ID: 213)
**Q:** Why did the programmer jump on the table?
**A:** Because debug was on his screen.

###  (ID: 56)
"Can I tell you a TCP joke?"
"Please tell me a TCP joke."
"OK, I'll tell you a TCP joke."

###  (ID: 131)
Four engineers get into a car. The car won't start.
The Mechanical engineer says "It's a broken starter".
The Electrical engineer says "Dead battery".
The Chemical engineer says "Impurities in the gasoline".
The IT engineer says "Hey guys, I have an idea: How about we all get out of the car and get back in".

###  (ID: 20)
"We messed up the keming again guys."

###  (ID: 53)
**Q:** Hey baby I wish your name was asynchronous...
**A:** ... so you'd give me a callback.

###  (ID: 10)
**Q:** Hey, wanna hear a joke?
**A:** Parsing HTML with regex.

###  (ID: 259)
**Q:** Why is Linux safe?
**A:** Hackers peak through Windows only.

###  (ID: 53)
**Q:** Hey baby I wish your name was asynchronous...
**A:** ... so you'd give me a callback.

###  (ID: 17)
**Q:** How can you tell an extroverted programmer?
**A:** He looks at YOUR shoes when he's talking.

###  (ID: 12)
// This line doesn't actually do anything, but the code stops working when I delete it.

###  (ID: 10)
**Q:** Hey, wanna hear a joke?
**A:** Parsing HTML with regex.

###  (ID: 19)
**Q:** How do you know God is a shitty programmer?
**A:** He wrote the OS for an entire universe, but didn't leave a single useful comment.

###  (ID: 47)
**Q:** Why did the functional programmer get thrown out of school?
**A:** Because he refused to take classes.

###  (ID: 37)
Programming is 10% science, 20% ingenuity, and 70% getting the ingenuity to work with the science.

###  (ID: 5)
A SQL statement walks into a bar and sees two tables.
It approaches, and asks "may I join you?"

###  (ID: 6)
**Q:** Why did the web developer walk out of a resturant in disgust?
**A:** The seating was laid out in tables.

###  (ID: 48)
**Q:** .NET developers are picky when it comes to food.
**A:** They only like chicken NuGet.

###  (ID: 1)
**Q:** How many programmers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
**A:** None. It's a hardware problem.

###  (ID: 31)
**Q:** Why did the JavaScript heap close shop?
**A:** It ran out of memory.
