# 2025-04 Jokes


###  (ID: 259)
**Q:** Why is Linux safe?
**A:** Hackers peak through Windows only.

###  (ID: 291)
**Q:** Why was the JavaScript developer sad?
**A:** Because they didn't Node how to Express themself!

###  (ID: 17)
**Q:** How can you tell an extroverted programmer?
**A:** He looks at YOUR shoes when he's talking.

###  (ID: 265)
**Q:** How did the programmer die in the shower?
**A:** He read the shampoo bottle instructions: Lather. Rinse. Repeat.

###  (ID: 23)
The glass is neither half-full nor half-empty, the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.

###  (ID: 259)
**Q:** Why is Linux safe?
**A:** Hackers peak through Windows only.

###  (ID: 26)
**Q:** What do you get if you lock a monkey in a room with a typewriter for 8 hours?
**A:** A regular expression.

###  (ID: 27)
Java is like Alzheimer's, it starts off slow, but eventually, your memory is gone.

###  (ID: 28)
Two C strings walk into a bar.
The bartender asks "What can I get ya?"
The first string says "I'll have a gin and tonic."
The second string thinks for a minute, then says "I'll take a tequila sunriseJF()#$JF(#)$(@J#()$@#())!*FNIN!OBN134ufh1ui34hf9813f8h8384h981h3984h5F!##@"
The first string apologizes, "You'll have to excuse my friend, he's not null-terminated."

###  (ID: 12)
// This line doesn't actually do anything, but the code stops working when I delete it.

###  (ID: 39)
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.

###  (ID: 21)
**Q:** Why are modern programming languages so materialistic?
**A:** Because they are object-oriented.

###  (ID: 291)
**Q:** Why was the JavaScript developer sad?
**A:** Because they didn't Node how to Express themself!

###  (ID: 33)
Today I learned that changing random stuff until your program works is "hacky" and a "bad coding practice" but if you do it fast enough it's "Machine Learning" and pays 4x your current salary.

###  (ID: 291)
**Q:** Why was the JavaScript developer sad?
**A:** Because they didn't Node how to Express themself!

###  (ID: 34)
Eight bytes walk into a bar.
The bartender asks, "Can I get you anything?"
"Yeah," reply the bytes.
"Make us a double."

###  (ID: 9)
Your mama's so FAT she can't save files bigger than 4GB.

###  (ID: 37)
Programming is 10% science, 20% ingenuity, and 70% getting the ingenuity to work with the science.

###  (ID: 192)
**Q:** What is the most used language in programming?
**A:** Profanity.

###  (ID: 37)
Programming is 10% science, 20% ingenuity, and 70% getting the ingenuity to work with the science.

###  (ID: 52)
**Q:** Why do Java programmers hate communism?
**A:** They don't want to live in a classless society.

###  (ID: 225)
**Q:** Why do they call it hyper terminal?
**A:** Too much Java.

###  (ID: 210)
**Q:** What are bits?
**A:** Tiny things left when you drop your computer down the stairs.

###  (ID: 39)
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
